hey that's David no recipe required and
tonight I've got a fried rice dish for
now I guess turn a right the day before
I picked off some pork chops I got a
little bit of leftover pork so we're
gonna make pork fried rice it's really
easy to do and a great way to use
leftovers both like meat like the pork
I've got or if you've got leftover rice
from ordering Chinese food and even all
the vegetables in your and your French
we'll use them obviously what I've got
but feel free to substitute it's really
about the technique on this one let's go
ahead and get started okay let's go
ahead and get started on our pork fried
rice now I like to start you should
start with the UH with the vegetables
that are gonna take the longest and you
also want to make sure that you get
everything kind of prepared before you
start because everything goes pretty
quick I got my pan on high heat I have
my carrots first cuz they are kind of
the most you know thickest medias
vegetable that'll take the longest time
I'm gonna add my onion and a couple
cloves of garlic just kind of course the
chops a little bit of vegetable oil in
the pan some salt some pepper we're in a
season as we go he's gonna take probably
three minutes or so just to UM start
softening I don't like to cook anything
super soft but I've got my pork chopped
up we're ready to go leftover pork for
me a couple pork chops I've got an egg
that I added about two tablespoons of
water to mixed up thoroughly I've got my
rice precooked cooked it this morning
using leftover rice the absolute first
and then some frozen peas standing by so
I'm going to come back in about two
minutes we'll add the ingredients put
everything together okay so before the
onion or garlic Brown give it a little
toss I'm going to add my egg and then
I'm gonna roll the pan I like to use a
nonstick pan for this recipe roll the
pan so it kind of spreads out let the
egg go for a couple couple seconds
really it doesn't take all that long and
then kind of get in there scramble it
around and then we'll kind of separate
fall apart and we had our the
ingredients I'm gonna add my peas I got
like a quarter cup of frozen peas gonna
add our pork you really want to get the
heat going as much as possible just toss
all this together we gotta season again
as we go a little bit of salt a little
bit of fresh ground black pepper then
we'll hit it with just a little bit of
soy sauce
I find the biggest kind of mistake I
used to make was adding too much soy
sauce to flavor everything and I don't
really I find it can be overpowering
pretty quick and we're gonna add about
two cups maybe three two and a half cups
cooked rice if you ever need to add a
touch more oil you can do that and then
I'm just gonna cook this on high heat
the oil we add that all the other
ingredients I'm just gonna kind of break
up the rice so it doesn't really stick
together
anymore I know let this go on high heat
for probably five minutes four minutes
it really does depend on your heat so
we're gonna come back taste it for
seasoning add any adjustments and we'll
be done okay I've been going a few
minutes
my rice is actually just starting to
stick to the bottom which is uh for me
it's not we're gonna pull it out you
want to give it a little taste make sure
your team in is good
mine could use just a little bit more
salt and pepper give it one more toss
and we're good together let's serve this
up okay let's go ahead and serve up this
beautiful colorful and delicious fried
rice you can obviously make this a whole
meal in itself or serve it as a side
dish it's got plenty of ingredients in
there and this is obviously one of those
dishes you can really kind of throw
anything at all in there you want
anything you got in the fridge any
leftovers and you're gonna absolutely
love it
I'll see you next time on no recipe
required
you